I’ve been working on setting up the initial scene. The sounds in this preview depicted the family coming up the driveway of their new home as well as them entering it. The sounds I have included are a car driving up on gravel, then an engine being turned off. Following that you hear the sounds of a key being taken out of the ignition. Then you hear the sounds of multiple car doors opening in succession followed by feet landing on gravel and then the closing of the car’s doors. Following those sounds there is a person (Father) walking on gravel in order to get to the trunk. He then proceeds to open the trunk and you hear the sounds of him rummaging in order to collect their boxes and bags. Then you hear the sounds of the man closing the trunk. Afterwords, you hear multiple footsteps on gravel as the family walks up to the house and you also hear the sound of someone locking the car. You then hear a person walking on a wooden porch along with the jingling of keys. The person then proceeds to unlock the door and you hear the creaking of its hinges indicating age. The family proceeds to walk into the foyer and you the sounds of multiple footsteps on creaky wood. One is from the sounds of sneaker to indicate the father; one is from the sound of heels to indicate the mother. The listener then hears the thump of a duffle bag being drop and the sound of soft footsteps quickly walking across the floor. These sounds are meant to indicate that the child has dropped their belongings and has begun to explore. You then hear the child run up the stairs and then the opening and closing of doors. This is where the scene ends unless I’ve added more sounds after writing this.  




Sidenote: I’ve been using the fade out effect for a couple of my sounds in order to make things sound smoother in transition and I think in some instances its works and other I might need to add/change something else. I’ve also used the noise reduction effect, and sound normalize to take away some white noise as well as make sounds more similar in volume. Something I’m still working on is trying to make the closing of the doors in the house not sound as loud but still retain a jolting element to it.
